Forrest edits for Heidi (#523)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs: docs/guides/gunw_product_guide.md

    On-demand ARIA S1 GUNW products cannot currently be submitted directly from Vertex, but we plan to make this feature available in the second half of 2025. Vertex is still very useful for selecting Sentinel-1 SLC pairs to submit for processing, but once you identify scene pairs, you will need to submit them using the [HyP3 Python SDK](../using/sdk.md){target=_blank} or [HyP3 API](../using/api.md){target=_blank}.

> On-Demand ARIA-S1-GUNW jobs can be submitted via the `ARIA_S1_GUNW` job type via the [HyP3 API](/using/api/#submitting-aria-s1-gunw-jobs){target=_blank}, or via the [HyP3 Python SDK](../using/sdk.md){target=_blank} using the `submit_aria_s1_gunw_job` method of the `HyP3` class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On-Demand ARIA-S1-GUNW jobs can be submitted using the `ARIA_S1_GUNW` job type via the [HyP3 API](/using/api/#submitting-aria-s1-gunw-jobs){target=_blank}, or via the [HyP3 Python SDK](../using/sdk.md){target=_blank} using the `submit_aria_s1_gunw_job` method of the `HyP3` class.
```

> Unlink our other On-Demand InSAR workflows, customizable processing options (e.g., multilook, filter strength, etc.) are not available for ARIA-S1-GUNW jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike our other On-Demand InSAR workflows, customizable processing options (multilooking, filter strength, etc.) are not available for ARIA-S1-GUNW jobs.
```
